# TSC Meeting 2019 December 3rd @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/662376664

### Attending
- @AndrewAnnex
- @michaelaye
- @rbeyer
- @victoronline

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items that were not completed from last time
	- The only Action Item that was not completed has been carried over to this meeting's Action Items

- ISIS application status (@jessemapel)	
	- The ISIS TC is moving onwards, we're still working on getting a charter approved. After that I hope to start working on policy documents.

- PlanetaryPy application status (@michaelaye)
	- A draft application is being worked in their repo: https://github.com/planetarypy/TC/blob/master/PSO-Application.md
	- They are unsure when it will be formally submitted, but things are moving along.

- LPSC Submission (all)
	- We want to submit an abstract that basically describes what the PSO TSC is, and what it does (basically an existance statement).
	- Would be nice if the ISIS TC and PlanetaryPy TC would also submit abstracts about themselves
	- Andrew will submitted a PR [#73](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/73) so we can all work on it. 
	- LPSC 1st authors can only submit 2 abstracts, when we get closer to the submission date (2020 Jan 7, 5 PM CST), we can figure out who has a free 'submission slot' and they can be the first author.  We could also game the system by creating a 'PSO TSC' account with USRA backed by our moderation e-mail, and just submit the abstract with a first author of 'Planetary Software Organization Technical Steering Committee' but that is likely to make someone angry.
	- All further details on the LPSC abstract will be handled via PRs on the draft abstract, and/or Issues on our repo.
	- The 'tech meetup' that Trent Hare typically hosts at LPSC is a great thing, it might be good for us to try and help Trent out, and that would be a way for the PSO to gain some visibility among the community.  See action item.
	- OpenPlanetary Data Cafe (OPDCs) are great things.  Not clear if the European OpenPlanetary folks will be able to make it to LPSC.  If one of us wants to organize an OPDC, then it would also improve PSO visibility among the community, see Issue [#74](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/74)

- Brainstorm what other projects to reach out to in order to join the PSO. (all)
	- Maybe better to wait until ISIS and PlanetaryPy actally finish their process and become TLPs, or at least enter incubation.
	- No one can think of any projects to attempt to recruit.
	- We talked about potentially continuing this discussion via an Issue, but as I started to write it, I couldn't think of what conditions would cause us to 'close' such an issue, so I refrained from making one.  I think this is a topic that we can just keep in mind, and discuss, as appropriate.
	

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 Jan 14
- Report on further discussions with Meagon/Sarah about HQ education (@jlaura)
- Reports on the ISIS and PlanetaryPy TC activities (relevant reporters)


## Action Items
- Think about submitting something to PSIDA
- @victoronline will review the state of #39 and decide whether we can close. If not, recommend specific actions in the Issue.
- @rbeyer will communicate with Trent about the 'tech meetup' and how we might be able to help.
