# TSC Meeting 2019 August 9 @12PM MST.
  - Zoom Link: ???
### Attending

## Agenda / Notes
  - Elevator Pitch, [#17](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/17)
    - Really just needs one more person to review, and then commit.
    - Some folks in that thread suggested text changes in comments rather than making edits to the PR, why?
  - Governance Docs need all kinds of work: [#18](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/18), [#27](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/27), [#28](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/28)
    - What's the way forward?
  - Project e-mails issue: [#26](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/26)
  - Status of ISIS Steering Committee
  - Status of PlaneterayPy Steering Committee

## Discussions expected at next meeting
  -

## Action Items
  -
