# TSC Meeting 2019 November 5th @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/827620503

### Attending
- @jlaura
- @AndrewAnnex
- @rbeyer
- @victoronline

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items that were not completed from last time
  - @jessemapel to take over #52, is it overcome since #66 is merged?
	- Comment added to PR, new action below.
  - @jessemapel to split top level and working groups, working with @rbeyer in #66, satisfied?
	- @jessemapel was not at meeting, action deferred

- Sarah/Meagon Response to action from [last month's meeting](2019-10-08.md) (@jlaura)
	- E-mail conversation happening between them and @jlaura
	- Meagon thinks there is value in having PSO TSC members come talk to Program Managers at HQ
	- We need more feedback from them about what they need, specifically.  A general invitation isn't particularly useful.
	- @jlaura will continue to iterate

- ISIS application status (@jlaura)	
	- ISIS TC telecon met last week
	- Moving slowly, expected
	- Next step for them is formation and document review
	- They have another meeting before Thanksgiving, they might be ready for us to evaluate their application after that point?
	
- PlanetaryPy application status (@rbeyer)
	- There is now a PlanetaryPy TC repo: https://github.com/planetarypy/TC
	- Discussions are starting, but people are busy
	- Anticipate a kick-off telecon for the TC before the new year

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2019 Dec 3
- Report on further discussions with Meagon/Sarah about HQ education (@jlaura)
- Reports on the ISIS and PlanetaryPy TC activities (relevant reporters)
- Discuss submitting something to LPSC.
- Brainstorm what other projects to reach out to in order to join the PSO. (all)

## Action Items
- Think about submitting something at LPSC and PSIDA
- @jessemapel to review #52 and determine if the PR should be closed or refactored on top of master.
- @jessemapel to split top level and working groups, working with @rbeyer in #66, satisfied?
- @victoronline will review the state of #39 and decide whether we can close.  If not, recommend specific actions in the Issue.
