# TSC Meeting 2020 February 4th @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/765232923

### Attending
- @rbeyer
- @jlaura
- @victoronline
- @jessemapel
- @michaelaye
- @AndrewAnnex


## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items that were not completed from last time?:
	- @victoronline will review the state of #39 and decide whether we can close. If not, recommend specific actions in the Issue.  Not completed, return to AI stack.

- PSIDA abstract status (all) Abstract Deadline: 27 March 2020
	- There's a good outline in the notes on #76
	- Michael and Ross have actions

- Tech Lunch Agenda (@rbeyer)
	- Will be held LPSC Tuesday at noon, and will be listed as a 'Peripheral Event' for conference-goers to find
	- Agenda:
		- Introduce the PSO TSC
		- Go around the room and have folks introduce themselves and what they're working on
		- Discussion Topic: What other kinds of 'technical' gatherings would people be interested in?  Something more focused like a workshop or technical sprint alongside the PDW / PSIDA, something separate?

	- There was some discussion about how to fund planetary software projects, and putting that out for discussion at the Tech Lunch, but we ultimately thought that since this 'audience' isn't typically the group that 'sources' the funding, it might just devolve to complaining without making useful progress in the short time we might have at the Tech Lunch.  This is an important topic, just maybe not appropriate for the Tech Lunch.

- OpenPlanetary Data Cafe at LPSC (@michaelaye)
	- Missed the space request deadline
	- May just do a more informal-style OPDC in a hotel lobby, etc.
	- Details still TBD.

- ISIS application status (@jessemapel)	
	- On the ISIS TC agenda for their next meeting
	- They've already copy/adopted a fair amount of PSO documents, so they are in good shape
	- May get an application resubmitted to us before our next TSC meeting.

- PlanetaryPy application status (@michaelaye)
	- There has been activity on the PlanetaryPy repo, but no meetings for a few months.
	- Still getting their feet underneath them on various topics
	- But are also in a pretty good position and could submit an application


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 Mar 3
- PSIDA abstract review (all) Abstract Deadline: 27 March 2020
- Review messaging plan for the LPSC Tech Lunch (have a message, have a mailing list plan, etc.)
- Reports on the ISIS and PlanetaryPy TC activities (relevant reporters)


## Action Items
- @victoronline will review the state of #39 and decide whether we can close. If not, recommend specific actions in the Issue.
- @michaelaye will convert outline in the discussion of pull #76 into a PR for the PSIDA abstract
- @rbeyer will ping PSIDA organizers about abstract limit.
- @rbeyer will draft LPSC Tech Lunch Message
