# TSC Meeting 2020 April 7th @ 12 PM MST.

* Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

## Attending
- @victoronline
- @rbeyer
- @AndrewAnnex
- @michaelaye


## Agenda / Notes

- Notes from the March meeting have not been PRed into the repo.
  If you have them, please PR.

* Update Contributing guide with patch branch cleanup policy
  * Any pull request creates a patch branch. MA suggests that whoever merges also deletes the patch branch.
  * Could this create any problems or is it fine, as GH allows branch restore if needed?
  * This also is currently inherited by ISIS_TC until they have their own Contributing guide.
  * Discussion of the above led to Action Item below.

- ISIS application status
	- Application is in draft form, maybe we'll see it next meeting.

- PlanetaryPy application status
	- Also close, maybe next meeting.

- Victor submitted PR on README and Charter on 'ownership' issues, please review.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 May 5

- Reports on the ISIS and PlanetaryPy TC activities (relevant reporters)


## Action Items

- all: Without PSIDA, what meeting to submit TSC abstract to?  EPSC? DPS? AGU?
- all: If you took notes from the March meeting, please PR them.
- @michaelaye will make a PR to Contributing to encourage clean-up of patch branches.
