# TSC Meeting 2020 January 14th @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/722995974

### Attending
- @AndrewAnnex
- @rbeyer
- @jessemapel
- @jlaura
- @victoronline


## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items that were not completed from last time?:
	- @victoronline will review the state of #39 and decide whether we can close. If not, recommend specific actions in the Issue.  Not completed, return to AI stack.

- LPSC Abstract not submitted, probably just convert to PSIDA abstract. (all)
	- Agreed, evaluate at next TSC meeting.
    - Should (at the least) have a solid outline by next meeting.  Should be
      focused on problems we solve.
	- agreed that Ross will merge LPSC PR, and then a PR changing it to PSIDA
      without approval, paving the way for issues and 'real' PRs on the PSIDA
	  abstract.

- Tech Lunch at LPSC (@rbeyer)
	- Room request submitted by Trent, but he won't be at LPSC
	- Ross will MC

- OpenPlanetary Data Cafe (?) [#74](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/74)
	- Not sure if this is happening

- Depth of 'requirements' (@rbeyer) [#75](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/75)
	- Lots of discussion that I didn't write down because I was engaged, but
	  please add to Issue.

- Report on further discussions with Meagon/Sarah about HQ education (@jlaura)
	- No further discussions have happened, long cycle time on this topic
      with them.  Perhaps more on this in the future.

- ISIS application status (@jessemapel)	
	- ISIS TC is completed with charter and may soon apply.

- PlanetaryPy application status (@rbeyer)
	- unknown when it will apply, but things are slowly moving.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 Feb 4
- PSIDA abstract status (all) Abstract Deadline: 27 March 2020
- Tech Lunch Agenda (@rbeyer)
- Reports on the ISIS and PlanetaryPy TC activities (relevant reporters)


## Action Items
- @victoronline will review the state of #39 and decide whether we can close. If not, recommend specific actions in the Issue.
