# TSC Meeting 2020 May 5th @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Jesse Mapel
- Michael Aye
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer
- Victor Sylva

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items that were not completed from last time?:
	- March notes
		- Jesse has notes, but they are locked in his office right now
		- Carry forward until lockdown is over
	- Abstract
		- Abstract is incomplete still
		- LPSC and PSIDA are both canceled
		- Carry forward until we have something to submit
		- Potentials are Planetary Data and AGU
			- Planetary Data is a while off
			- AGU will likely be digital
		- Probably LPSC next year
		- Does the OpenPlanetary lunch stuff work for this?
			- Jesse will draft some slides
	- Cleaning up patch branches
		- Pushed to next meeting

- ISIS application status (@jessemapel)
	- PR #88

- PlanetaryPy application status (@michaelaye)
	- PR #87

- How do these applications move forward?
	- Is this defined in the documents we have?
		- Lifecycle document describes some of this, but is mostly concerned with leaving incubation
	- Talk about what we would like this process to look like
		- Assign 1 person to each application to be in charge of evaluating?
	- It looks like both projects can just move to incubation right now
		- What would this mean?
			- Application PR -> Incubation -> Mentor approval -> TSC vote -> Full TLP
			- Do we merge the PRs? Yes
			- Need 2 approving reviews
	- PR template for TLP application with checkboxes for requirements
		- Add a reference to the Lifecycle document that says there is a template
		- The submitter would check off these boxes. It is more valuable to have these checked by the TSC reviewer.
		- Do something and then improve
	- Picking mentors
		- Someone outside the project would be good
		- Jesse will take PlanetaryPy
		- Victor will take ISIS
		- Is there someone outside the TSC that could take ISIS?
			- Solicit an additional outside review
		- AstroPy and PlanetaryPy separate coordinator and reviewer
			- Coordinator is on the TSC and ensures that the onboarding process continues at a reasonable pace
			- Reviewer ensures that the project is meeting requirements
			- Coordinator works with the reviewer and the project and then reports to the TSC?
	- Once the PR is merged, immediately open an issue to house onboarding comments and documentation.
		- Reviewers, coordinators, and projects can communicate in private if they would like to.
		- Extra issue seems like extra work. Just house all of this on the PR.
		- Is the PR for the application or for the TLP
		- Could just submit a draft PR
			- PR changes are listing your project on the Readme
			- How do we capture the 3 states of applying, incubation, TLP?
				- 2 PRs?
			- Same # of steps both ways
	- What is incubation
		- Mentor works with the project to ensure it meets all of the requirements
		- Do we need this extra step? Yes it makes it easier for projects to join
	- Switching to a draft PR application process
		- Draft PR to add project name to the list of TLP projects
		- projects won't show as in incubation :(
		- move forward with current process. Review and re-consider after ISIS and PlanetaryPy are in incubation
	- Application PRs should add themselves to the incubation list too


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2020 June 2 @ 12PM MST
- How is the application -> incubation -> TLP process going. Changing PRs/issues/etc.


## Action Items
- Open Planetary Lunch slide drafts (@jessemapel)
- Create TLP application PR template (@andrewannex)
- Updated lifecycle document (@victoronline)
