# TSC Meeting 2021 June 1st @12PM PDT & MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Jesse Mapel
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer
- Michael Aye

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Investigate other options for accepted project names
    - No progress
    - Push to next meeting

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - kalasiris in review to be accepted. Affiliated packaged #3
    - things are moving slowly
      - possibly from many factors: people unfamiliar, volunteer effort, etc.
    - things are moving the right direction though
  - ISIS
   - What is API breaking for applications?
     - https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/140
     - Partially a product of the amount of change happening in ISIS
       - Some of the larger scientific Python packages are moving away from ideal semantic versioning
         - https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/development/policies.html#version-policy
         - Many moving to calendar versioning
         - It is hard to rigidly adheer to semantic versioning
           - Packages still communicate how they will diverge
       - Comes down to how you communicate changes and user expectations
     - Communicating API breaks is crucial
     - Collecting and targeting API breaks for specific versions is good
   - LTS
     - How long do you do it?
     - Serving different types of users

- Attendance
  - PlanetaryPy + Jesse
  - Who else is out there that could be involved?
    - SBMT and the Gaskell Stereophotoclinometry package
    - VICAR
    - PDS Engineering Node tools
    - PDS Node APIs
    - ASP
    - NAIF
  - Data Workshop
    - Thursday is PlanetaryPy, TSC, birds of a feather
    - Good opportunity to see what interest there is out there
    - Next meeting is after data workshop, July 6th
  - AG meetings
    - May get a different cross-section than data workshop
  - Data Ecosystem Report
    - Percolating up in different places

- Accepted project name change
  - Pushed

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs
    - [#68](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/68) just needs a review
  - Issues
    - [#39](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/39) maybe closed by #68
    - [#120](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/120) brochure
      - Abstract & presentation kind of covers this
      - Maybe we should make a website
        - Could "fork" PlanetaryPy site
      - Could also do this on Github
    - [#56](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/56) logo
      - Would be nice
      - No forward progress
      - Call for artists at Data workshop
  - Stale action?
    - Checking in each meeting may be enough
    - Add standing item to review PRs and Issues

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 July 6th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Discussion of data workshop

## Action Items
- Jesse: Investigate other options for accepted project names
- Jesse: Review [#68](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/68)
