# TSC Meeting 2021 December 7th @12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091
- This meeting was originally scheduled for Oct 5, but did not have
  enough attending, with the expectation to happen on Nov 2, but the agenda
  was not shifted, and there was insufficient spontaneous attendance.

### Attending
- Ross Beyer
- Victor Silva

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
	- Not present pushing to next meeting.
  - Ross: Reach out to Becky about status of PDE AG
	- Becky responded back in September
	- The concept of a PDE AG did not "gain traction" but a "community-led group focused on the PDE has."
	- She mentioned that we might see some PDE-focused workshops in the future.
	- We have since seen a job advertisement for a PDE scientist at HQ.

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
	- Activity has decreased due to membrs being busy with other stuff.
  - ISIS
	- Debating long term support model details.
	

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - none outstanding
  - Issues - just the ever-present [Logo Issue #56](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/56)

- Possible actions in support of open source planetary data and software standards
	- Coding standards, other concrete tools, etc.
	- Defer to next meeting.

- Should we decrease TC meeting frequency?
	- Yes.
	- Will shoot for Jan, then every other month after that.

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2022 Jan 4th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
- Possible actions in support of open source planetary data and software standards
	- Coding standards, other concrete tools, etc.

## Action Items
- None
