# TSC Meeting 2021 December 7th @12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091
- This meeting was originally scheduled for Oct 5, but did not have
  enough attending, with the expectation to happen on Nov 2, but the agenda
  was not shifted, and there was insufficient spontaneous attendance.

### Attending
-

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
- Ross: Reach out to Becky about status of PDE AG

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
  - ISIS

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - none outstanding
  - Issues - just the ever-present [Logo Issue #56](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/56)

- Possible actions in support of open source planetary data and software standards

- Should we decrease TC meeting frequency?

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2022 ? ?th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
-

## Action Items
-
