# TSC Meeting 2021 September 8th @12PM PDT & MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
-

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
  Any final updates from PDW21 (Jesse)?


- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
  - ISIS

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - none outstanding
  - Issues - just the ever-present [Logo Issue #56](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/56)

- Re-evaluation of PSO approach going forward:
	- What role are we filling?
	- What tasks or activities should we be engaging in?

- Discussion of the role of this group and PDE actions: proactive v. reactive.

- Should we decrease TC meeting frequency?


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 ? ?th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- ?

## Action Items
- 
