# TSC Meeting 2021 August 3rd @12PM PDT & MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
-

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Investigate other options for accepted project names
    - Pushed to next week
  - Jesse: Review [#68](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/68)
    - Done

- Discussion of data workshop
  - Jesse gave a nice talk about the planetary software PSO. 
  - No followup necessarily as other things moved on; perhaps not a good thing.
  - The follow on was python specific
  - Did have a disussion about license questions. Not sure how to open-source code that they might want to make available. If I'm at a university, what do I need to do. Mostly in the context of python code. No necessary other action items.
  - Anything involving licensing and attorneys is concerning and likely not something we want to go near. If someone has code and is wondering what licenses might be good, we could be in a position to help.
  - Quite a bit of interest on the PlanetaryPy side.
  - 

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - Continuing to grow
    - Discussion around adding more tutorials, intro git, open-source. Continuing to add affiliated projects to planetaryPy.
  - ISIS
    - ISIS TC: Working to finalize a proposal for a release cadence that the project could/may adopt.

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs
  - Issues

## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 September 7th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Data workshop updates from Jesse.
- Concrete discussion on the approach we are going to use going forward. What role are we filling? Do we need to meet monthly? Seems like tasks have fallen off.
- Discussion of the role of this group and PDE actions: proactive v. reactive.

## Action Items
- 
