# TSC Meeting 2021 September 7th @12PM PDT & MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- J Luara
- Jesse Mapel
- Victor Silva
- Michael Aye
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer

## Agenda / Notes
- Action Items from last time:
  - Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
    - Punted
  - Jesse: Any final updates from PDW21?
    - No updates from PDW2021


- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - Lots of interest at the PDW2021
      - Christian, from NAU, wrote a Jupyter book about getting into Python
        - Update and reference
      - Participation is hard for scientists with less github, programming, etc. experience
        - Create a script clearing house, [scriptorium](https://github.com/planetarypy/scriptorium)
          - Collect scripts via e-mail so that people don't even need to use github
          - Purely a space for sharing, **no guarantees or tests**
          - Potential incubation area for contributions to other PlanetaryPy projects
      - Benoit Signovert has been joining the PlanetaryPy meetings
        - Created an interface to the Opus API of the Rings/Moons PDS node
        - Accreting more people
    - Working in [NBDev](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev) environment to create some tools in Jupyter Notebooks and autogenerate installable module and docs
      - fastAI has some interesting Python improvements in [fastcore](https://github.com/fastai/nbdev) that make life easier
  - ISIS
    - Writing final release policy document and going to circulate for public comment
    - First thing moving from TC planning to implementation
    - Ton of discussion of what is API breaking for
      - Command line utilities
      - Plugin style classes
    - Hoping to avoid weedy discussion so that we can start with some type of action
    - ISIS 6.0.0 released
      - Big new features: CSM bundle adjustment, new template based PDS4 import/export
    - Working to get off of Python 3.6 pinnings and as many usgs-astrogeology channel conda packages as possible
      - Only Kakadu and Bullet will be from usgs-astrogeology

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - none outstanding
  - Issues - just the ever-present [Logo Issue #56](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/56)
    - No meeting updates on either. If a logo appears great!

- Re-evaluation of PSO approach going forward:
  - We haven't been doing a lot lately
  - What role are we filling?
    - We successfully setup governance for two projects
    - We haven't gotten any more interest
  - What tasks or activities should we be engaging in?
    - We are well positioned to push for an AG-like group
      - We can be a bigger umbrella group than PlanetaryPy and cover non-Python software too
      - We could lobby for specific actions from NASA
      - Proactive stance towards the PDE review
      - The AG-like group from the PDE review is much larger than us
        - We could be a component of the group if it forms, specifically focused on software
      - NASA action on this is still nebulous
        - Review group is done, currently on Becky McCauley Rench at NASA
      - We can focused on preparing for when things start moving
    - We can reach out to specific groups
      - SBMT at APL
        - We have some contacts
          - Trent is involved in a PDART with them but working with different people than we want to
      - MMGIS at JPL
        - Led by Fred Calef
      - PDS Engineering and Imaging node
        - Primarily JPL
      - Other projects around the size of ISIS that are NASA funded and widely used
      - No vonlunteers to reach out to projects at this time
      - Could invite representatives to come talk about things
        - Could coordinate with OpenPlanetary talks
    - Move towards what the OGC is doing
      - Do more than just governance

- Discussion of the role of this group and PDE actions: proactive v. reactive.
  - See discussion above
  - We want to be proactive in understanding what is happening
  - We want to be reactive in supporting what NASA starts doing

- Should we decrease TC meeting frequency?
  - We aren't seeing a lot of demand for what we are doing
    - Shift to meeting every other month?
      - Rejected
  - We missed some of our larger initial scope when we drove towards getting something going
    - **Remain at every month and if we don't have an increase in action items/agenda items we shift to every other month**


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2021 October 5th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Possible actions in support of open source planetary data and software standards

## Action Items
- Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
- Ross: Reach out to Becky about status of PDE AG
