# TSC Meeting 2022 January 4th @12PM PST / 1PM MST / 3PM EST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Ross Beyer
- Victor Silva
- Chase Million

## Agenda / Notes
- Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
	- Not present, tabled to next meeting.

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
	- Activity has decreased due to membrs being busy with other stuff,
	  expect to pick up in the New Year.
  - ISIS
	- Debating long term support model details.
	- Working on determining basis for version ticking, etc.

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - none outstanding
  - Issues - just the ever-present [Logo Issue #56](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/56)

- SPD 41 RFI responses due Feb 11.
  - More info at https://science.nasa.gov/researchers/science-data/science-information-policy

- Discussion of every-other-month TSC meetings.
  - Need input from missing members on scheduling.
  - Ross will write to the Members of the TSC.
  - Next meeting will be either Feb or Mar.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2022 Feb 1st or March 1st @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Jesse: Investigate other options for "Top Level Projects" terminology.
- Possible actions in support of open source planetary data and software standards
  - Coding standards, other concrete tools, etc.
- Inform (re-inform) the new PDE Chief Scientist and Stephen Crawford at HQ that we exist,
  and how we might be able to help.

## Action Items
- Ross will write to the TSC members about scheduling.
