# TSC Meeting 2022 November 1st @12PM PDT / 12PM MST 
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Ross Beyer
- Victor Silva
- Michael Aye
- Jay Laura


## Agenda / Notes
- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
	- Part of Michael's new job enables some PlanetaryPy work.
	- Not much else is going on.
  - ISIS
    - Lots of discussion about process going on in their TC.
	- Slow process on name change.
	- Test data is now only 10 GB and available from AWS.

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - none
  - Issues - none

- OpenPlanetary Data Cafe at EPSC.
  - Moses Milazzo, PDE Chief Scientist stopped by cafe, had conversation.
    - Talked about how the Winter School model was good.
    - Discussed training for processing chains and technical data work, possibly workshops to support.
  - EuroPlanet Society is getting to the stage where its Hubs may be more active and supporting workshops.

- Review Planetary Software purpose and scope
    - We haven't really had "critical mass" at a meeting for some time.
      - Maybe integrate with PDE Chief Scientist activities?
      - Figure out how to integrate with TOPS, perhaps?

    - Reduce meetings from every other month to quarterly?
      - Not sure, let's see when we can schedule PDE Chief Scientist

- Meeting with PDE Chief Scientist
  - Ross will reach out to Dr. Milazzo to see if he can attend our next meeting in January.



## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2023 January 3rd @12PM Pacific
- Meeting with PDE Cheif Scientist

## Action Items
- Ross will reach out to Dr. Milazzo.
