# TSC Meeting 2022 September 6th @12PM PDT / 12PM MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer
- Jay Laura


## Agenda / Notes
- There is no PR for notes taken at the July meeting.
	- Discussion did occur, but no notes taken.

- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy - no report
  - ISIS - nothing significant to report

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs: None
  - Issues: Nothing beyond logo Issue.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2022 November 1st @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Review Planetary Software purpose and scope
	- We haven't really had "critical mass" at a meeting for some time.
	- Reduce meetings from every other month to quarterly?

- Meeting with PDE Chief Scientist
	- When to schedule
	- Who will schedule?

## Action Items
- None
