# TSC Meeting 2022 May 3rd @12PM PDT / 12PM MST / 3PM EDT
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Victor Silva
- Ross Beyer
- Michael Aye

## Agenda / Notes
- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
	- Documentation and development on proto-core package continues
	- Potential important package pdr (planetary data reader PI Chase Million,
      funded by PDART) is coming along
	- Otherwise low activity due to pandemic
  - ISIS
	- About to switch over from rsync server to AWS buckets for distributing ISIS "data"
	- LTS work coming along, looking to implement in the fall or winter.
	- Name change working group in process.

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs - None
  - Issues - only the ever-present, and low priority Logo issue.

- Meeting with PDE Chief Scientist
	- Scheduling failed.
	- None attending had the availability to try and push this again, others
	  are welcome.
	- This is still a very important meeting for us to have.
		- To inform the PDE CS about what we are and what we do.
		- And to figure out how we might help with their needs.
	- Michael reached out to PSIDA org committee suggesting that the PDE CS 
	  be invited to talk if they aren't already.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2022 July 5th @12PM Pacific / 3PM Eastern
- Discussion about when to attempt another meeting with the PDE CS.
- Discussion related to PSIDA.

## Action Items
- None
