# TSC Meeting 2023 March 7th @12PM PST / 1 PM MST 
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Ross Beyer
- Andrew Annex

## Agenda / Notes
- Planetary Cloud Native
  - Presenting at LPSC on Tuesday.
  - Have a newly deployed AWS TiTiler instance. This is a dynamic tile server for COGs.
  - Jay working on deployment. Performance currently sucks.
  - The tiler has all of the IAU WKT2 projections for a large number of bodies.
  - Codes were recently merged into proj via OGC. 
  - Thinking about adding pseudo-mercator proj codes. This projection is pervasive in down stream projects.
  - Thinking about vector tiles.
- PR for contributing project needs a second review. Was approved, but we need someone else to review.
- Perhaps more interest here because PDART is back.
  - Maybe add some information here about how to integrate what we do with upcoming proposals.
- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
    - Moving forward with getting crater stats in.
    - Folks at JPL that are interested in contributing a module of code. Written as part of a PDART.
  - ISIS
    - Repo migrated.

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs
  - Issues

- Planetary Data Workshop
  - ?


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2023 May 2th @12PM Pacific
- ?

## Action Items
- ?
