# TSC Meeting 2023 January 3rd @12PM PST / 1 PM MST 
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Michael Aye
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer
- Jay Laura
- Moses Milazzo


## Agenda / Notes
- Report from Top-Level Projects:
  - PlanetaryPy
	- craterstats (on track to be added as a PlanetaryPy affiliated package) has made progress and should be added soon.
	- Work on core library continues.
  - ISIS
	- TC Meeting next Thursday.
	- Discussions about release velocity.
	- Name change effort has stalled (due to lack of time and higher priority issues).  If you're interested, get active
      in ISIS TC

- Repo clean-up
  - PRs
  - Issues
	- [Cloud-native conventions for planetary data #146](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/146)
	  - Had an initial meeting about forming a WG.
	  - Decided to keep things asynchronous, and make progress via e-mail.


- Remove Jesse Mapel from TSC.
  - He has left the USGS and is divesting from all activities related to his old job, including membership here.
  - There was no objection to removing him from the TSC.


- Meeting with PDE Chief Scientist
  - Discussion of how we might be able to support his activities.
  - Plans to write a white paper this year which includes planetary software concepts, and we might be able to
    provide input.
  - We had a discussion about how to fund our efforts via a proposal, but we need to identify more "customers" or 
    a viable "customer base."
  - Conversation about having a set of tutorial sessions "before" the PDW or around other meetings.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, 2023 March 7th @12PM Pacific
- PDW involvement

## Action Items
- Andrew will review [Issue 146](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/146), and determine if he can close.
  If he can't, please detail what conditions would close the Issue.
- Ross will watch out for PDW announcement, and communicate with TSC about holding a forum, town hall, or tutorial session.
