# TSC Meeting 2024 May 28th @12:30 PM PDT / 12:30 PM MST / 19:30 UTC / 21:30 CEST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Andrew Annex
- Jay Laura
- Ross Beyer
- Victor Silva
- Michael Aye


## Agenda / Notes

## PR 151 needs revisions so it can be merged.

- This [meeting notes PR](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/151)
  has been pending for more than a year.


## Discussion about status of the Planetary Software Organization

- Current state of affairs:

    - We have not had an actual TSC meeting since March, 2023.
    - A November 2023 meeting was attempted (agenda but no meeting notes).
    - For all practical purposes, this Organization is currently non-functional.

- Brainstorm about future of the PSO
    - This quarterly schedule is too infrequent to be useful.
    - Maybe maintain monthly, but cancel as needed.
    - Participation in recent F.7 proposals indicates that there is still a 
      need for governance guidelines in the community.
    - We talked about possible short (3 month) and long (yearish) goals:
        - Short Term:
            - Better understand JPL's [SLIM](https://github.com/NASA-AMMOS/slim) activity
            - Set up a generic PSO "hang"
        - Long Term:
            - Be involved in whatever might come out of the PDE for software.
            - Be involved in whatever the next evolution of PDW/PSIDA might be.

- Make a decision about what's next for the PSO.

    - We will return to regular monthly meetings.
    - Our short-term goal is to transition our TSC-attended-only meeting to 
      a more generic open software developer hang-out meeting, details to be
      worked in coming meetings.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, June 25 at noon PDT.
- Talk about how to transition our TSC-attended-only meeting to a more generic, open
  meeting for Planetary Software Developers.

## Action Items
- None
