# TSC Meeting 2024 June 25th @12:00 PM PDT / 12:00 PM MST / 19:00 UTC / 21:00 CEST
- Zoom Link: https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/346594091

### Attending
- Andrew Annex
- Ross Beyer
- Victor Silva


## Agenda / Notes


## Discussion about status of the Planetary Software Organization

We discussed how to transition from the current TSC-attended-only meeting to a more generic,
open meeting for Planetary Software Developers.

We decided that the plan will be to offer an open agenda for the community to 
add things to, and if there are no agenda topics for that month, then the
meeiting would be short, or just be a general discussion.

We decided to target August and September for the roll-out of this new process, and
we will need to "advertise" the event.  To do so, we need to come up with some
things to tell people.

We decided that it should include:
  - Mention past work with ISIS & PlanetaryPy governance.
  - Invite people to participate.
    - How?  
      - Come to hang out and chat?
      - Come to present work?
      - Come to ask questions?
    - What kinds of topics?
      - Software Governance
      - Almost any software thing

We decided that we should seed the process so that we have some
good possible topics for the August and September meetings, just
to get things rolling.

- Possible Topics:
  - Python packaging
  - Licensing
  - Software funding opportunties
  - Report on SMD Software Workshop
  - Continous Integration
  - Governance
  - Events or upcoming conferences
  - Topics from LROC's technical lunch and learns.


## Discussions expected at next meeting, July 30 at noon PDT.
- Go over more possible topics, and pick some out for the August or September meetings,
  and settle on the text to send out about the open meetings.

## Action Items
- All: come up with more possible discussion topics.
